Youths in the South West have accused President Muhammadu Buhari of neglecting the Nigerian youths in his administration and not paying attention to their welfare. The Youths alleged that Buhari has failed the Nigerian youths especially by not fulfilling his electoral promises for them. The National President of the Yoruba Youths Congress (YYC) who doubles as the Chairman, Coalition of South West Youths Group, Prince Dapo Adepoju lamented that the President has pushed the Youths to the back seat. Adepoju spoke to reporters in Akure, the Ondo State capital on Wednesday, while receiving youth leaders of tertiary institutions who came from Ghana on a courtesy visit to the group. He said Buhari has failed to extend hands of fellowship and friendship to the Nigerian youths. The group noted that the choice of the present Minister for youth was a wrong one as he’s far above the stipulated age to be addressed as youth. “We contributed the largest votes, yet, we are the ones that are jobless and taken for granted, We will not accept this anymore, “He said. Adepoju said lots of corrections can still be made to pacify the youths by providing employment for youths who are roaming around the streets. He said youths stakeholders will consult and agree on a particular presidential candidate to support in the 2019 general election. Adepoju said the united efforts of the Youths was the reason for the technical defeat of Nnamdi Kanu. “We were united and we all agreed that we will not support his sentimental agitation. Had it been we gave him support, it would have been another story today. “How many youths are in his cabinet, in fact the president has not deemed it fit to appreciate efforts of youths stakeholders in supporting him to kill the bad intentions of Nnamdi Kanu. “Instead, people who were not part of the struggle were the ones being commended, In fact the vice President met with them who were mostly elders, This to us is not good enough. Adepoju said the Nigerian youths have decided that only a presidential candidate irrespective of his/her political party that will give youths attention will get their support in 2019.